# Reading Notes Num. 2.
Based off the diagram from the reading 
https://medium.com/@joshuablankenshipnola/react-component-lifecycle-events-cb77e670a093 
The first this that is invoked first would be the render method.

One of the very first things inside of React is the creation of a constructor, The constructor for react is called before it is even mounted, with the constructor we can create functions that have props where we can append different hrefs to bind event handler methods to a certain instance.

Inside of react these events will happen in order
1. Constructor
2. Render
3. React Updates
4. CompenentWillMount
5. ComponentWillUnmount

The componentDidMount method loads anything that is using a network request or when initializing the DOM, using this method is good to setup a subscription and vice versa using the componentWillUnmount Method. Alternatively you can use a setState() method here but should be used sparingly for its known performance issues when used.
(All reading in this section is from the link provided at the beggining)

## Videos

1. What types of things can you pass in the props?
> Items that are going to passed into a function, or how a component should render
2. What is the big difference between props and state?
> props you are passing into a component and updated outside the component where as state is within a component and must be updated within
3. When do we re-render our application?
> We re-render when something changes within a state or is passed through a prop
4. What are some examples of things that we could store in state?
> Title, Description, Alt, Img, Form, Checkbox, 

All answers to the provided questions are from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYvD9oBCuJI
