## Forms
[Cited From](https://reactjs.org/docs/forms.html)

What is a ‘Controlled Component’?
- In react, mutable state is typically kept in the state property of components, and will only be updated by the setState method. You can combine both of those together by making React a single truthy value. After that react renders and will also control what happens within the method. Doing so within a form on user input in React is called a Controlled component.

Should we wait to store the users responses from the form into state when they submit the form OR should we update the state with their responses as soon as they enter them? Why.
- In most cases it is prefered to wait until a user submits whatever input they desire. Doing so dynamically can cause issues of lagging behind or possible errors if needed information is not present. When the user inputs everything React will be able to take that specific value in one quick motion rather than waiting for each individual keystroke.

How do we target what the user is entering if we have an event handler on an input field?
- this.state.example

## The Conditional 
[Cited From](https://codeburst.io/javascript-the-conditional-ternary-operator-explained-cac7218beeff)

Why would we use a ternary operator?
- We would use a ternary operator very similarly to an if else statement, rather than a specific condition is met we'd be testing the condition itself.

### EX OF IF ELSE / TERNARY OPERATOR

if(x===y){
  console.log(true);
} else {
  console.log(false);
}

x===y ? console.log(true) : console.log(false)