## Thinking in React
[Cited From](https://reactjs.org/docs/thinking-in-react.html)

What is the single responsibility principle and how does it apply to components?
- A component that should ideally only do one thing. The way we would apply this we be for specific items like a search bar for example.

What does it mean to build a ‘static’ version of your application?
- In a simple sense this means being able get an application to render without any kind of user input

Once you have a static application, what do you need to add?
- State

What are the three questions you can ask to determine if something is state?
1. Is it passed in from a parent via props? If so, it probably isn’t state.
2. Does it remain unchanged over time? If so, it probably isn’t state.
3. Can you compute it based on any other state or props in your component? If so, it isn’t state.

How can you identify where state needs to live?
- identifying every component that will be rendered based off of a state, Finding common components, or just creating a component with a single purpose of holding the state.

## Order Functions
[Cited From](https://eloquentjavascript.net/05_higher_order.html#h_xxCc98lOBK)

What is a “higher-order function”?
- A higher order function is a function that operates on another function, taking or returning arguments that are passed onto them.

Explore the greaterThan function as defined in the reading. In your own words, what is line 2 of this function doing?
- The second line of code is returning a previous set method and comparing that and another function within an arrow function.

Explain how either map or reduce operates, with regards to higher-order functions.
- Map is a higher order function that will apply a given function to each member within a collection like a list within an array for example.