## Intro to Node.JS 
[Cited From](https://www.sitepoint.com/an-introduction-to-node-js/)

1. What is node.js?
- The definition form the projects home page of Node says that Node.js is a Javascript runtime built on chromes v8 JS Engine.

2. In your own words, what is Chrome’s V8 JavaScript Engine?
- the V8 engine is an open source code (the best kinds are always open source) that allows developers to compile and execute JS, handles memory allocation, and trashes old objects that are no longer needed.

3. What does it mean that node is a JavaScript runtime?
- This means that instead of storing all data within a file, we can access another database (api) and run a script that collects and does what it needs to with that code.

4. What is npm?
- According to the reading, it is the worlds largest software registry as well as being the package manager for JS

5. What version of node are you running on your machine?
- 16.3.2

6. What version of npm are you running on your machine?
- 8.1.2

7. What command would you type to install a library/package called ‘jshint’?
- npm i jshint

8. What is node used for?
- Node can be used for anything;
> Bundling JS files and dependencies into static assests, running tests, auto code linter and style checking.

## Six reasons for Pair programming
[Cited From](https://www.codefellows.org/blog/6-reasons-for-pair-programming/)

- What are the 6 reasons for pair programming?
1. Greater efficiency
2. Engaged collaboration
3. Learning from fellow students
4. Social skills
5. Job interview readiness
6. Work environment readiness

- In your experience, which of these reasons have you found most beneficial?
> The first three reasons are ones that I have personally found to be the most beneficial

- How does pair programming work?
- Pair programming most commonly occurs with two individuals, A driver and a navigator. 
Each one takes the time to read and tell the other what to type, and the other will type what is being told to them.
Doing this will help each other understand fundementals and what the code is doing in the process of also explainging with one another on what it is doing.
