## Functional Programming Concepts
[Cited From](https://medium.com/the-renaissance-developer/concepts-of-functional-programming-in-javascript-6bc84220d2aa)

1. What is functional programming?
- a stlye of building structures and elements of programs that will treat computation as evaluation of math fuctions and aviods changing state and mutable data

2. What is a pure function and how do we know if something is a pure function?
- A pure function is one that returns the same result if giben the same arguments and will not cause any observable side effects

3. What are the benefits of a pure function?
- its easier to test functions and their coresponding outputs

4. What is immutability?
- Immutability is data with a state that cannot change after it has been created.

5. What is Referential transparency?
- Referential trasnparency will most commonly yeild a function thats has the same result for a simimlar input within it.


## Node JS Tutorial for Beginners #6 - Modules and require()
[Cited From](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHLd36QoS4k)

1. What is a module?
- A module in its most basic way of explenation is just another JavaScript file

2. What does the word ‘require’ do?
- Requrie will allow us to use whatever module we want to use within the file directory, IE if we wanted to bring in data from a App.js into a Main.js
```
require('./App')
This will allow us to use data from app js
```

3. How do we bring another module into the file the we are working in?
 ```
require('./App')
This will allow us to use data from app js
```

4. What do we have to do to make a module available?
```
module.exports = example;
```
