## Understanding the JavaScript Call Stack
[Cited From](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/understanding-the-javascript-call-stack-861e41ae61d4)

1. What is a ‘call’?
- A call is a function invocation that uses the LIFO(Last In First Out) method and is synchronous and the understanding of it is vital to asynchronous programming 

2. How many ‘calls’ can happen at once?
- Only one can happen at a time

3. What does LIFO mean?
- Last In First Out

4. Draw an example of a call stack and the functions that would need to be invoked to generate that call stack.
```
function firstFunction(){
  console.log("Hello from firstFunction");
}

function secondFunction(){
  firstFunction();
  console.log("The end from secondFunction");
}

secondFunction();
```

5. What causes a Stack Overflow?
- A function that is called without an exit point will cause a stack overflow. In another sense it means the function is called over and over again without end.

## JavaScript error messages
[Cited From](https://codeburst.io/javascript-error-messages-debugging-d23f84f0ae7c)

What is a ‘refrence error’?
- A reference error is where you try to use a variable that is not yet created within code

What is a ‘syntax error’?
- A syntax error is where a line of code is called incorrectly due to how it was created.
IE
```
function secondFunction(){
  firstFunction();
  console.log("The end from secondFunction");
}

secanthFunction();
```

What is a ‘range error’?
- A range error is where you try to manipulate an object with any length and give it an invalid length like -1 for example

What is a ‘tyep error’?
- A type error occurs when calling a incompatible type of code like when attempting to call a number when in reality you would need to call a string

What is a breakpoint?
- A breakpoint is where a line of code is read and when it reaches a certain value it will STOP running the code.

What does the word ‘debugger’ do in your code?
- A debugger will run through all of you linter and help provide solutions or put typo references that should be fixed
