## NOSQL VS SQL
[Cited From](https://www.thegeekstuff.com/2014/01/sql-vs-nosql-db/?utm_source=tuicool)

- Five differences between SQL and NoSQL

### SQL

1. SQL Databases are primarily called as Relational Databases (RDMBS)
2. Databases are tabke based databases
3. Databases have predefined schema
4. DB are vertically scaled
5. DB use SQL for defining and manipulating the data

### NoSQL

1. NoSQL Databases are primarily called as non-relational or distrubited databases
2. Databases are document bases
3. Databases have dynamic schema for unstructured data
4. Horizontally Scaled
5. DB queries are focused on collection of documents

#### NoSQL VS SQL Reading questions

1. What kind of data is a good fit for an SQL database?
- A complex query intensive environment

2. Give a real world example.
- MySql

3. What kind of data is a good fit a NoSQL database?
- hierarchical data storage as it follows the key-value pair way of storing data similar to JSON data

4. Give a real world example.
- MongoDB

5. Which type of database is best for hierarchical data storage?
- NoSql databases

6. Which type of database is best for scalability?
- Sql databases

## SQL VS NoSQL Video
[Cited From](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZS_kXvOeQ5Y)


1. What does SQL stand for?
- Structured Query Language

2. What is a relational database?
- A relational DB will work with the SQL structure and will work a specific way. IE using tables.

3. What type of structure does a relational database work with?
- Tables

4. What is a ‘schema’?
- A schema is a field within a table holding certain information

5. What is a NoSQL database?
-  A DB that stores a large amount of data, similar to a table we have collections instead, within those we have documents

6. How does it work?
- Very similar to a JSON file, can be added onto because it is without a schema, there are few/no relations in a NoSQL DB. 

7. What is inside of a Mongo database?
- Key user data needed, key product data

8. Which is more flexible - SQL or MongoDB? and why.
- MongoDB is more flexible because it is without schema, albeit this can be a downside because it will have fewer relations and comparing said relations.

9. What is the disadvantage of a NoSQL database?
- Manual updates for each component which can be tedious and can cause input error 
